there are those who resort to the genoa
the lights linger in the protests
goes to beat the new entry caraglio
he turned against buffon
buffon looks to calaiò breathed
breathless buffon warms his arm and
palaciti paradises gt palamara cg rigor
canceled the buffon per minute number 71
22 still 0 0 big giant gg
he knows it even with his hair where he goes to end
we deserved it
always quality match two minutes at
end of the game
we are at 25 meters if we say the right one
Methuselah disturbs him
he wants to take away his concentration
yesterday the barrier is in shape
asks for distance with you
let's see if the referee grants it the way he is
the barrier at 6 meters but went backwards
but going back mazzoleni is too much
nearby part pirlo kakà
i am coming andrea pirlo is perfect goal
here students come scudetto here's the
all of that andrea know that it is
they go to submerge kisses
here is the championship of andrea is ending
fashion resolves fashion in andrea
piro it to a perfect ride
no smudging in the ball while
enter the door
antonio conte do it ad infinitum if
he cuddles it if he embraces it if he wants it
At bottom
here is the scudetto and with the perfect it
scudetto is also the scudetto here
Scudetto
one to zero for us
we can't even get spider man